# Cardiovascular-System-
Heart disease is a very serious issue and innumerable people suffer from this disease across the world. Heart disorders come in a variety of forms. They are arrhythmia, coronary artery disease, heart attack, chest pain, stroke, irregular heartbeat, and heart disease at birth. The key contributors to an elevated risk of heart disease include improper lifestyle choices, a poor diet, insufficient exercise, a high BMI, and smoking. And your family’s medical history may contribute to heart disease. The leading cause of death worldwide is heart disease. WHO estimates that 17.5 million individuals worldwide passed away from heart disease in 2005, accounting for 31% of all fatalities.
A system that can anticipate cardiac disease at an early stage is needed. By using this automated method, people may keep track of their health difficulties, which will be helpful for both the doctor and the patient in terms of accurate diagnosis. Research work has been employed with the machine learning classifiers to find out the stroke accurately in a person. Weight voting classifier has considered features like age, sex, cp, trestbps, chol, fbs, restecg, thalach, exang, oldpeak, slope, ca, thal which helped to get the highest accuracy of about 87% when compared to all the accuracies used in research. As a result, weight voting classifier can be considered for the prediction of cardiovascular disease in a person. And we can recommend doctors who are diagnosing the heart disease in person.
